**Functional Timer**  
**Video Demo:**  https://youtu.be/St5K_DPYBwc
**Description:** This project represents my take on the timer application. I wanted to combine the functionality of a regular timer and the interval one in one app. I was pursuing an experience building it by myself with aid from documentation and google research. I wanted to use OOP for the project to practice class creations and usage, so in the end I modified the project to be testable and accepted by CS50 submit functionality. I am proud overall of my achievements although I spend a lot of time researching the options for testing GUI with pytest and creation of GUI elements themselves.  
	I used just 4 .py files and additional files (images and music) in a single folder. The main, project.py, file just calls the classes from other files and displayes them, defaulting one of the modules with navigation buttons at the bottom of the app.  
	1 module is the Time module. Displayed the actual time in 12H format using the time library.  
	2 module is the Countdown Module. Here, using the GUI, I am asking from user desired amount of minutes and seconds and when the timer is started by pressing the button for that I start the countdown. At 00:00 the message pops up informing the user about the fact that timer has finished the countdown, also the alarm music will be playing until the popup message is closed.  
	3 module is the Interval Time Module. Here I tried to implement interval timer functionality by carefully tracking phases of an interval timer, basically repeating my countdown logic and switching it for the next phase until the desired number of phases has been counted off I inform the user with the message, color and music change. To do so I implement the settings window, where I am allowing user to set the desired amount of minutes, seconds in each phase, and the number of phases. I would like to continue to work on this project in the future adding more settings and functionality like training log, customisation options etc.  
Every phase has a different color and music. Once the timer has started 3 additional buttons appear: Pause, Resume and Mute ( with self explanatory functionality). The reason for tracking the phases properly is to allow the correct functionality of Pause vs Stopping and resetting it.